
Conversation opened. 3 messages. All messages read.

Skip to content
Using Gmail with screen readers
1 of about 64
 
ACTION REQUIRED: Cognizant Onboarding - Surendra Surendra
Inbox
	x
CognizantHR@cognizant.com
	
AttachmentsJan 2 (5 days ago)
	
to me, Vaibhav.Chandel, 1COnboarding-I.
 
&nbsp
Dear Surendra,
Greetings from Cognizant!
Thank you for accepting the offer and confirming the DOJ. To facilitate your integration into Cognizant, please follow the instructions given below and access our onboarding portal where you can submit all the pre joining forms online!
INSTRUCTIONS TO ACTIVATE YOUR ACCESS TO THE ONE COGNIZANT PORTAL:

    STEP 1: Click on One Cognizant to go to the onboarding portal login page
    STEP 2: Click on 'New User Register Here' in the login page
    STEP 3:In the registration page, enter your email address singhsurendram@gmail.com
    STEP 4: Enter the Registration code - c0570
    STEP 5: Choose a password and click 'Register.' You will be automatically redirected to the login page
    STEP 6: Click on 'Registered Users Click here' on the login page.
    STEP 7: Enter the chosen password and click 'Log On.' You will be automatically navigated to the onboarding portal.

Reset Registration code: Please note that the Registration code given in this email is valid only for 10 days from the date of receipt of this mail. To get a new Registration code, please click 'Reset Registration code' and a welcome mailer with a new Registration code will be generated and sent to your email address.
Reset Password: Please click on 'Reset Password' displayed on the 'Registered User' tile to create a new password. You can login to the portal with the new password created.
Personal Authentication Key:
Our portal is designed to enable you to submit digital signatures, using a unique authentication key. Once you log in to the portal successfully, please use the unique authentication key given below, when submitting your online forms.
Authentication Key: 8EB2D7AA5E49859B
After completing the registration process and having accepted the offer via the Onboarding portal proceed to the Pre-joining formalities.
Pre-Joining Formalities
Please note that we would require all your education and employment documents to initiate your background verification(BGV) .
Steps:
      a.   Please have a scanned copy of your documents in PDF format only, ready for upload on the onboarding portal

    The permissible size per document is 5MB
    Click on the link to upload
    Once the documents are uploaded please click on the submit button

      b.   After submission proceed with the Prejoining formalities.
      c.  It is mandatory to complete the Pre-joining formalities , 72 hours prior to your onboarding in Cognizant. You may also refer to the sample forms provided in the 'Resource center' while filling up your pre-joining forms.
National Skills Registry (NSR IT PIN): Cognizant has made Nation Skills Registry (NSR), registration a mandate. Therefore, we request you to complete the registration using the URL https://nationalskillsregistry.com/ within 20 days on receipt of the offer letter. If you have an NSR ITPIN number, kindly share it with your recruiter.
In case of queries /clarification/ technical issues, please revert to us with the screen shot and with the mention of Ref.No to 1COnboarding-India@cognizant.com.
For clarifications on BGV please contact BGHelpdeskIndia2@cognizant.com
PLEASE NOTE:
The recommended browsers are Microsoft IE (7.0, 8.0, 9.0), Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox. You may experience difficulty using the site if you are using other versions of IE or other browsers. One Cognizant will not be available to users on every third week in a month from Sunday 8:00 a.m. (IST) to 4:00 p.m. (IST), due to scheduled maintenance.
Once again, we look forward to welcoming you into Cognizant!
Warm regards,
Cognizant HR Team
About Cognizant:

Cognizant (NASDAQ: CTSH) is a leading provider of information technology, consulting, and business process outsourcing services, dedicated to helping the world's leading companies build stronger businesses. Headquartered in Teaneck, New Jersey (U.S.), Cognizant combines a passion for client satisfaction, technology innovation, deep industry and business process expertise, and a global, collaborative workforce that embodies the future of work. With over 100 development and delivery centers worldwide and approximately 217,700 employees as of March 31, 2015, Cognizant is a member of the NASDAQ-100, the S&P 500, the Forbes Global 2000, and the Fortune 500 and is ranked among the top performing and fastest growing companies in the world. Visit us online at www.cognizant.com or follow us on Twitter: Cognizant.
***THIS IS AN AUTO TRIGGERED MAIL. PLEASE DO NOT REPLY ***
 
&nbsp
Attachments area
Surendra Singh <singhsurendram@gmail.com>
	
Jan 3 (4 days ago)
	
to Vaibhav.Chandel
Hi Vaibhav,
                    As per our telephonic discussion,my joining date will be 19-March-2018.

Regards,
Surendra Singh

	Virus-free. www.avg.com
Vaibhav.Chandel@cognizant.com
	
Jan 3 (4 days ago)
	
to me

Hi Surendra,

 

Let me know if it can be reduced at any point of time, else we will update the DOJ accordingly.

 

 

Thanks & Regards,

Vaibhav Chandel

Talent Acquisition Group- Cognizant

Phone-9823469924| |Vnet-236194 or 214559|

Office- CDC campus, Hinjewadi phase-3, Pune

 

From: Surendra Singh [mailto:singhsurendram@gmail.com]
Sent: Wednesday, January 03, 2018 9:41 PM
To: Chandel, Vaibhav (Cognizant) <Vaibhav.Chandel@cognizant.com>
Subject: Re: ACTION REQUIRED: Cognizant Onboarding - Surendra Surendra
This e-mail and any files transmitted with it are for the sole use of the intended recipient(s) and may contain confidential and privileged information. If you are not the intended recipient(s), please reply to the sender and destroy all copies of the original message. Any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, forwarding, printing or copying of this email, and/or any action taken in reliance on the contents of this e-mail is strictly prohibited and may be unlawful. Where permitted by applicable law, this e-mail and other e-mail communications sent to and from Cognizant e-mail addresses may be monitored.
	
Click here to Reply or Forward
5.71 GB (38%) of 15 GB used
Manage
Terms - Privacy
Last account activity: 1 hour ago
Details
	
	
